We're hoping for 28, right?
>> Yeah. I know. I mean, that's what the
team is working for.
>> Imagine being able to take your eyes and
hands off the wheel, go through your
work emails, watch your favorite TV
show, maybe grab lunch. Gemini coming
out next year, right? Uh, so it's you
will be able to talk to your vehicle.
It's going to be able to even alert you
before something happens so you can take
care of it. This is Mary Bar, the CEO of
General Motors, one of the most powerful
people in the automative world and the
woman leading the transformation of how
humanity moves.
>> This is becoming a robot and eventually
you can see a world where it's acting on
your behalf fully autonomously.
>> AI is changing everything. It's no
longer just a car. It's an assistant
[music] that might know you better than
anyone. So, the real question is, are we
ready for it?
Mary, thank you so much for doing this.
I'm so excited to host you on Silicon
Valley Girl.
>> I'm really excited to be on Silicon
Valley Girl and have a chance to talk to
you and tell you what's going on at
General Motors.
>> Oh, yeah. I'm a proud owner of Cadillac
Escalade. Uh it was one of the first
with the Super Cruise. I was dying to
get it, so we had to go to LA because
Bay Area was sold out. Went to LA, got
it, and uh we've been driving it since.
It's such a good investment, especially
when you have technology mixed with
quality, right? because you still want
to feel good in your car. Today you
presented a lot of new updates. Let's
imagine it's 2030. I'm in my new
Escalade. What is the experience like?
>> Well, I think one of the things is it's
still going to be very personalized and
we think we can uh continue to advance
the vehicle. Uh you know, we talked
about adding the Google Assistant. uh
we'll follow up with a our own assistant
that's much more integrated into the
vehicle leveraging vehicle data get to
know you know the vehicle so that it can
even be a more customized experience and
then when you think about what we can do
from an autonomy perspective we shared
that we'll start with highway autonomy
where you can literally take your eyes
off the road and then we'll continue to
expand that into urban urban locations
and you know by 2030 I'm I'm kind of
done making predictions as it relates to
autonomy because I think it is one of
the hardest challenges is from a
technological perspective, but I think
we're going to make advancements like we
do today with super cruise. Um, and
we'll make those advancements once we
have uh eyes off from a highway
perspective. And so in 2030, I I think
you know people are going to see that
their vehicle allows them to lead a much
more integrated life that the vehicle
makes their life easier, makes them more
efficient, gives them back some time.
[music]
All right, welcome to the new Cadillac
Escalade. That's the driving experience
of 2028. When you don't have to look out
and watch the cars, you don't have to
put your hands on the wheel. You just go
have your TV screen here, catch up on
your emails.
Ah, this is what I'm waiting for. And
also like cuz I always have my kids in
the back, right? I can just pass things.
I can talk to them and the car will be
driving by itself. Oh my goodness, I
love the screen situation. I love that
now we have like a full scale TV section
here. There's screen for the passenger.
The seats are almost identical to what I
have now with the sound system here.
They have the purse section right here
so you can put your bag.
It's big. [laughter]
The charger. Everything is electric. The
steering wheel is again very similar to
what I have. This is the technology. I
think this is where they track uh your
eyes and your hands. I cannot wait till
2028 to start driving this vehicle. I
love how the Cadillac is this mix of
technology and luxury because we have,
you know, very smart vehicles on the
market, but they don't feel like luxury.
This feels beyond luxury. the blue
stitches, like all the details,
it feels like it's a car from the future
because of the design, but also they
maintain the classic uh the classic
design, adding all the details.
Another fascinating use case that I got
from the presentation is that imagine
something's wrong with a vehicle and you
need to take it to service. Now, ideally
in 2028, your vehicle detects the
problem by itself cuz it's AI powered.
Second, it knows when you need the car.
So, in the time when you don't need the
car, it will just take itself to the
service center, get serviced, come back
to your house for you to be ready to
move.
>> How do you look at competition? Because
there are already companies that are
doing full autonomy. What do you think
about that? Like about this gap? Well, I
think if you look at who's doing full
autonomy, um, you know, you have it's in
the robo taxi arena. Yeah. And so that's
a very and generally in a very uh
concise OD, even if it's in different
cities, it it's um operating uh an
operating area.
>> Oh, got it. So it's like Yeah.
>> Right. And so I think when you uh look
at we're talking about something much
more broad on highways at speed and then
moving into urban. So I think when we
look at it from a personal autonomous um
it's it's going to we we think we'll be
among the leaders in doing that and
doing that safely uh understand what the
rootexis are doing but it is different
than when you get into personal autonomy
and you have to integrate back and forth
between um I'm driving the vehicle and
I'm responsible to the vehicle is taking
control. It's actually a much more
complex um system to solve.
>> Gemini coming out next year, right? Uh
so it's you will be able to talk to your
vehicle. uh you'll be able to ask like
where's the nearest whatever we don't
need gas stations but the nearest
service etc. What is the most compelling
use case that you've seen with Gemini
like what makes it stand out? Well, I
think when you look at AI and the fact
that, you know, you can it's not just um
you know, play the latest Taylor Swift
song, um which I'm a Swifty, so love,
but uh it it it can be much more of,
hey, I'm headed here. Can you route me
on the way? I'd like to stop and get u
you know, a coffee at my favorite coffee
shop or hey, I'm kind of hungry. Um I'm
not familiar with this area. Uh where's
the best place for me to get u a turkey
sandwich? You know, kind of thing. I
mean, you can just ask it like my or my
favorite food is X and it can help
integrate that and make sure you're
going to the be the best restaurant. So,
it's going to take all that information.
It's going to be able to do that as we
get further along. It's going to be able
to even integrate more and know how the
the systems in the vehicle are working
and alert you before something happens
so you can take care of it. So I think
it's going to be a journey, you know,
from what we have today to what we'll
have with Google and then the further
integration with General Motors, we'll
even be able to pull more information
from the vehicle to make it even more
personalized.
I'm [music] excited about AI in
vehicles. So you're going to integrate
with Gemini. And I have a question from
the user standpoint. Is it the same
Gemini I have in my phone? Like I mean,
does it have information about me or is
it a specific Gemini for the vehicle
that is not connected to me as a person?
Okay, good question. So, uh today we
talked about almost like two timelines
actually. One is going to be uh you
might already heard this from Google as
well which we are closely partnering
with. Google Assistant is going to
evolve and become Google Gemini in the
vehicles. So therefore that's going to
be where the journey starts. So that's
going to be the first upgrade. The
second thing is in addition in parallel
we're working on developing our own
assistant that is 4GM by GM. Uh we will
use of course providers who are already
providing large language models. We're
not going to be in the business of
developing a frontier model or a
foundation model. We will build on top
of uh technologies but we're not ready
yet to disclose what uh back end we're
going to be using. But our goal with
that GM assistant is to build something
that is deeply contextually aware
because I think I think we all know this
contextual AI is where the magic is
going to unlock. Now we can get we can
get nerdy. We're talking about Silicon
Valley here where we we will design a
system where our assistant our agent
will be able to talk to other agents cuz
the world you're describing is exactly
that, right? Cuz you are going to have
this graceful handoffs. You're going to
say, "Hey,
>> I'm in New York. look at the next three
flights available.
The AI should learn you prefer to fly,
let's say, with United. It should talk
to the United agent and say, "Hey,
here's the three flights that you might
want to." So, that's the goal. What we
want to create a Uber agent, an Uber
assistant, that is the GM assistant that
can broker those type of interactions.
>> Love it. Let's imagine 2050.
>> Okay. Wow.
>> What driving looks like with AI. Let's
be super futuristic cuz you're building
this, right? You probably are thinking
about those days. Okay. What is your
wildest
>> 2050? When is that? So, it's 25 years
from now on. So, like we talked about
earlier today,
the level of autonomy I think is going
to continue to increase. I think Mary
even alluded to it in her presentation
today where you will we will reach a
world where the car would be doing
things even without you in the car where
it could run errands on your behalf
where it could take itself to be car
washed and serviced and change the
tires. So I think 25 years is a long
time and I reserve to be wrong and thank
god it's such a long time. Well, would
we get this earlier? Something you
described, it's already
>> feels like it's a possibility now.
>> Again, it's possible. I think it's now
we can actually again get a little bit
nerdy around like the diffusion of
innovation, right? It's not equally
distributed, right? We are experiencing
that today. However, maybe the economics
are not there yet for it to be mass
scale, right? They're in pockets, right?
The robo tax experience, those are
expensive cars to build with those
sensor sets. But in 25 years, one could
imagine the sensors get cheaper, the AI
models we use get smarter. So therefore,
the world where we're seeing the car
truly fully autonomously behaving on
your behalf, I think will be real in 25
years.
>> The actual robot that we're going to
have in our household,
>> correct? Exactly. I mean, the one of the
robots, right? This is a I think
Sterling said this way. This is a
purpose specific robot that provides you
mobility. We are going to have purpose
specific robots, right? We are going to
have probably humanoids in our house
helping with home chores. We will have
quoteunquote robots maybe helping with
education. And yes, this is a becoming a
robot and eventually you can see a world
where it's acting on your behalf fully
autonomously.
>> Wow. Okay. Flying cars,
>> why not?
>> And when it comes to technology, um, so
I asked one of my friends who's also
working on like self-driving. And I'm
like, when will be the year when I can
just put my kids in the car and the car
will take them to school? When do you
think this is coming? And is it
available right now from the technology
perspective? He said from technology
perspective, we can do it now. It's just
a regulation. Well, I think right now we
do have a patchwork of regulation. We're
hoping for one federal regulation
because I think that will unlock
autonomous technology. I think a lot of
it being a mother myself although my
children are adults now um is looking at
um you know when is the right time to do
that. So I think you know from a
technology perspective we'll get there
and then it's going to have to be a
judgment piece of how old is your child,
where are they going, all of that. Um
and so you know we're on our way to get
there. Uh and you know I think the we'll
get to a point I think we need to get to
full you know as we start with L4
highway obviously you know you're still
in the urban areas going to need to take
um responsibility for driving. So I
think that'll happen over time. So when
we're driving right right now the
vehicle is watching us and it's seeing
like my eye movements and everything.
Is it like surveillance like does it
read my conversation like what happens
if the government wants to take my data
like the privacy? Well, and this is
where um you know, we we have a new over
a year now a privacy officer that uh is
working across the organization helping
people understand. We want to make sure
we're uh following all the privacy
requirements and you know a lot of the
information we feel is the customer. So
the customer has to give give the
company permission even if we're going
to use it from an anonymized
perspective. So everything we do will be
with a focus on privacy and security and
then also cyber security. So that we
have dedicated people in the company
that focus on making sure we understand
the laws and that we're following all of
them and and you know even more so uh
doing what we think consumers would want
us to do.
>> Mary brought up something that couldn't
be more relevant today, privacy. And the
truth is AI already knows more about me
than I realize. It knows what I buy,
what I search for, how I move, sleep,
and work. We rarely stop to think where
all that information actually goes, or
who might have access to it. Can you
imagine that in just a few years, even
my car will probably know everything
about me, what time I leave home, how
often I call my mom, cuz I call her
almost every day when I'm driving. And
with home robots now starting to appear,
they'll soon have a window into every
detail of family life. As technology and
AI keep evolving, I can see that people
are becoming much more aware of how
their data is used and who they trust
with it. Very soon, the companies that
handle privacy responsibly will be the
ones people choose to stay with. Because
trust is no longer just a nice to have.
It's becoming the foundation of every
relationship between users and brands.
According to research from user
centrics, 62% of consumers feel they've
become the product. 77% don't understand
how their data is handled. And 73% will
stop buying from brands they don't trust
with their data. This isn't theoretical.
It's consumer behavior that impacts your
bottom line. That's where Cookie Bot CMP
comes in. It's an automated consent
management solution designed for exactly
this problem. It automatically scans
your website, identifies every cookie
and tracker, classifies them by purpose,
and manages user consent at scale.
Cookiebot is Google certified and
automatically updates when regulations
change. It covers CCPA/CPA,
e- privacy, and more. If you care about
your users and don't want to lose your
place in this highly competitive world,
consider trying Cookieot by user
centrics. Cookiebot easily integrates
with popular site builders like
WordPress, Shopify, and Wix, helping you
stay compliant and build trust with your
audience. And just for my viewers,
there's an extra bonus. You can get 15%
off for six months if you sign up using
the special link in the video
description. Thanks to User Centrics for
sponsoring this video. And now back to
our conversation with Mary.
>> The next step is taking your eyes off
right and that is what we you know we
are going to be delivering uh in the 28
time frame uh with uh again with first
from a highway perspective. So that's
that will happen and then we'll keep
advancing that and get to urban etc. So,
you know, that's coming in the not too
distant future, it's really right around
the corner.
>> We're hoping for 28, right?
>> Yeah. No, I mean, that's what the team
is working toward. And, you know, when I
look at what we've been able to build
with all of the resources we have from a
software perspective and then uh what we
had from a uh the team that's done super
cruise along with the cruise resources,
bringing them all together, then they're
doing it right now. So, that's what get
makes me really excited.
>> What we announced today is an eyes off
autonomy capability. nothing of that
sort exists in the market today. And
when you think about that, you're
basically asking the driver to take your
eyes off, not pay attention at all on
the road. Um, that's a very very high
bar. And for us to safely maneuver
different conditions that we, you know,
spoke about here in the demo. We need
sensor redundancies uh to be built in so
that the car can handle very complex uh
scenarios in all weather conditions
without requiring human intervention.
like human intervention cannot be a
backup. That cannot be a safety wall. Uh
and we're not going to use it. So we are
going to
>> So even if something's going on, there
won't be a situation where the car just
flashes around like take over, take
over, take over. So you excluding that?
>> So we will have situations where when
the uh car is exiting its operational
domain. So the product right now will
launch with highways only. So we will
you'll only be able to use this product
when you're on the highway. when you're
off the highway uh this product will not
be available and so when you're on the
highway you can use it but as you are
going to uh come to an exit we will ask
you to take over the control
>> you have three different systems right
you have lighter you have cameras and
you have a radar can you talk to me
about the difference between the three
systems
>> yeah so um what we wanted to share here
is that uh how the different sensors
come together to provide uh a 360°ree
continuous this uh information to a
driving system to uh so that it enables
it to make splits or even fraction of a
second uh decisions. It can see further,
react faster than a human would ever can
and can work in all weather conditions.
>> When do you think the full autonomy is
coming?
>> You know, I think we're going to keep
approaching that and as Sterling talked
about Sterling Anderson who is our chief
product officer, we're going to keep
working uh and making sure we do that
safely. So it'll be you'll see
incrementally that we'll keep adding
adding from a you know the area in which
you can do it to the complexity of the
environment. So I I learned I first
started making predictions about
autonomy back in 2016. So I I as I look
now we're going to we're going to put it
into the vehicle as soon as it's ready
and it can be deployed safely and that's
what will be the main concern right now.
Safety. Safety is something, you know,
General Motors has a rich history of
having that relationship of trust with
our consumer that they uh they know we
put a lot of thought into our systems
being safe. And so we want to put that
same uh level of uh prioritizing safety
that we have done in Super Cruise into
as we get to uh you know L4 highway and
and then we'll expand from there.
>> And super cruise you mentioned 700
million miles, no accidents.
>> Correct. Correct. That is fascinating.
>> Yeah. Well, it's and again, it's we know
vehicles and we've really looked to make
sure that that the technology uh is well
validated. So, we're very proud of our
safety record and we work to continue to
get better every day and give more
features like trailering and uh you
know, integration with Google Maps. So,
there's new features and new uh roads
being added to to Super Cruise um all
the time.
>> So, we talked about AI transforming the
driving experience. How is it
transforming the production?
>> Well, I think we're we're leveraging I
mean I think it's such an interesting
time right now when you look at the
power of artificial intelligence and
we're focusing on the main areas in the
business of how do we use it to improve
manufacturing. Uh Sterling Anderson
talked about one of the things that
General Motors has that is unique is all
of this information and data of of how
how how things are manufactured. And I
think when you look at that and the
power of data to to really help advance
AI, we're in a unique position to make
our um our manufacturing processes more
efficient, serve our operators better.
When we think about um designing the
vehicle, uh you know, looking at the
areas that we can that right now people
are doing, how do we make it more
efficient and and allow our engineers to
really focus on optimizing technology?
Um you know, safety. uh it allows us to
do more validation. There's so much from
that perspective. And then from a how we
go to market, imagine leveraging
artificial intelligence to really
understand the customer better and reach
that customer in a more focused way so
they get the information they want.
There's been so much advancement in that
space as well. And then lastly, what I
would say is also putting the tools um
in the hands of our employees. One of
the things I've encouraged uh everyone
at the company to do is become familiar
with it because it's easy to kind of be
a little bit wary of it if you don't
understand it once you use it. I think
it really and I I make sure I'm
constantly using it um even in my daily
life unrelated to work to just see the
power of it because once you use it use
it for this and you're like oh I can use
it for this. It's um you know, one of
the things my daughter does that I think
is so interesting. She'll she's going to
college to get her master's degree and
she'll be like um I'd like a a shopping
list with I'm gluten-free with I need it
to be healthy. I want it to be this
level of calories and I don't want it to
have too many um different things that I
have to buy. So, give me the recipes for
a week.
>> Yeah.
>> And boom. And she's like, "Mom, it's
really good and it really works."
>> What's your favorite use case? Just the
other day I I've been having some
shoulder pain and so I I got the test
results and of course I you get it now
on the portal before you you know you
have anything from back from your
doctor. I put it into this time I used
she had GPT and it came back and it's
like yeah you've got a a tendon that's
inflamed and of course it's my mother
who um passed away many years ago but
she always used to tell me to sit up
straight and some of it is for you some
of my soreness is because of posture.
I'm like okay my mom I've got to listen
to you. I've got to sit up straight.
>> But I mean, I think I never before I
would have waited, you know, to hear
from the doctor and I was able to go in
and understand what it is and understand
what I need to do to to alleviate it.
So, I mean, just a couple years ago, you
know, you would have had to wait for the
doctor. So, and then, you know, there's
the easy one of I look in the fridge.
What do we have? Okay, give me something
interesting to make. Yeah. Yeah. Oh,
yeah. You know, that's a really good
point. Take a picture even more so than
saying I have this, this, and this.
>> I'll do that.
>> Yeah. I do that all the time. What about
work processes? What have you optimized
with AI for you personally?
>> For me, I think it's it's um how do I,
you know, write much more quickly uh
when I'm writing an email or how do I
get information? If I want to learn
something about a new technology, uh
just asking the question so boom, I get
the information, I can read it as
opposed to having to send some send it
to someone else, say, "Hey, can you give
me a a you know, a summary of this?" So,
I mean, just so much more information is
digestible uh you know, is given back to
you in a very digestible format. I'm I'm
using it several times a day and and
then also um again how I do my work.
>> Let's get back to uh factories and
workers. If somebody wants to can
someone who's inspired by your journey
when you started working for GM when you
were 18 and now you're the CEO if
somebody wants the same journey and
they're thinking you know what entry
level jobs being replaced with AI and
how do I repeat this journey in the
current environment what would be your
advice? Well, first of all, if you want
to be in the auto industry, I mean, I
would I would make sure that you get
into the core of the business, uh,
joining to to work um, as a
manufacturing person in our in our
company. I I started as an engineer
working in a plant, knowing how and and
from when I started over 40 years ago to
now, there's so much has advanced in the
plants, but understanding what it takes
to put a car on the road with high
quality, to do it efficiently, with an
engaged workforce, I think that's so
important. And so I still I always
encourage people whatever industry
you're excited about, make sure you're
in the core of it. You're in how we
design vehicles, all the software, how
we um how we make vehicles, how we go to
market. I would in an industry you're
excited about, go in and join a company
and really immerse yourself in where
they are today. you know, so many people
who are are graduating from college or,
you know, coming in with certificates
are they have so much knowledge already
from the way technology they they, you
know, leveraged it um to to go through
their schooling at whatever level they
are. You bring all that and you can
immediately say, hey, here's how we can
make it better. I was talking a couple
years to years ago of of um an employee
who joined the company and it was in our
finance area. uh and he had got a job
and he said, "Yeah, I was able to use
these tools I used from college and able
to take what was usually going to take
three days and I could do it in three
hours." I mean, I think so I think what
somebody who's starting their career,
they have to realize, you know, they
really have a lot of knowledge in the
way they learn to do work that they can
bring into the workplace and that's what
we're trying to do right now across many
functions of for instance in human
resources. How do we take some of the
things that a human resource
professional needs to do that is you
know getting the data in the right place
and getting that information getting
that done more effectively with AI so
that person can have more uh more of a
high touch with the people that are in
the area that he or she is supporting
those are things I think we can do that
that human connection is going to become
more important and the quality of it
because the person isn't spending all
the time doing some of the more you know
routine things that they can really
understand that person better,
understand the process better, work for
higher quality, I think it's really
going to advance.
>> What are the personal traits that you're
looking for rehiring?
>> I think you have to have someone who is
passionate about what they do. Um I also
would say um you know a high quality
person, integrity, work hard,
>> high quality person.
>> Yes. You know, somebody who who you know
is willing to come in and work hard and
wants to learn and you know, understands
that. One of the things I talk about at
GM, we're going to do the right thing
even when it's hard. And integrity is
such an important piece of it, we talk
at General Motors, winning with
integrity because if you win without it,
you really haven't won. And so people
who are aligned with with the company's
values, but are passionate about the
work, willing to work hard and curious
that they want to learn because
technology is advancing in any industry.
it's advancing so quickly that if you
don't have a learning mindset and a
curiosity to like hm how can I make this
better or I want to go learn about that.
Um I think that that to me is what's
going to separate and empower people to
do things and have careers that we can't
even imagine right now.
>> Is there anything that keeps you up at
night in
>> well AI?
>> Yes. I mean, of course, I mean, I I
think it's so important to uh adopt
artificial intelligence and all
technology responsibly and and do it
well, but I think uh as we go forward,
companies that say, "Hey, I'm going to
wait. I'll sit this lap out. I'll see
how it goes." I think you're going to be
so far behind. So, to me, it's making
sure are we doing the right things and
are we uh really engaging our workforce
and empowering them as opposed to, you
know, them being weary of it. I think
that's a big piece that we're doing. I
feel good about the strategy we have and
we've been adaptable. I mean the world
is changing dramatically and in the auto
industry from a regulatory perspective,
from a supply chain perspective, uh from
a consumer perspective,
>> what people are expecting from a vehicle
now, right? Because everything is smart
suddenly.
>> It is. So I think I have a healthy
paranoia about that to make sure we're
on the cutting edge. I send a lot of
emails to my team or see them and say,
"What are we thinking? What are we
thinking about this?" Or, "Have you
thought about this? Or are we aware of
this?" And nine times out of 10, or I
should say 99 times out of 100, like,
"Yes, we're on it. We're already doing
that." But I'm going to keep asking
those questions because I think it's so
important and I think General Motors is
an iconic company and I want to make
sure it's here 100red years from now and
the only way we're going to do that is
by making sure we leverage and um uh you
know embrace technology responsibly.
>> When everything's going on, when you're
looking at everything happening, what
helps you stay grounded and stay
focused?
>> Oh gosh.
>> Any rituals?
Um, you know, for me, um, obviously I I
work hard. Um, but my family, um, I, you
know, I'm I'm blessed. I've been married
for 40 years to, um, my husband. We met,
right? We met in college and and, you
know, and so, uh, just I think what
grounds me and what re-energizes me is
spending time with my family and and
friends. Is there like certain limit
that you say like I spend weekends with
my family, evenings are family? Do you
have something like that? I think you
have to be more flexible, but one of the
things I try to do on I try to make sure
I'm I'm pretty much up to, you know,
have everything done as I kind of close
the laptop on Friday evening and then I
try to not be, you know, glued to my
phone or my computer on Saturday just to
get a chance to to recharge. And then
usually Sunday afternoon I'm starting to
prepare for the next week. But I find
that time just even, you know, if it's a
half a day or a day to take that breath,
it it recharges me to to think about
things differently and, you know,
literally when I get back to something
and be like, "Oh, you know what? Um,
I'll I'll look at it. I'll see something
um, you know, different or I'll look at
it from a different perspective that I
think allows me to be more effective."
And I encourage people to find what
recharges them. But I think in today's
age um you have to there's things that
are happening so quickly. You can't just
say oh Friday afternoon to Monday
morning I'm never going to look. It's
just I don't think it's the world we're
living in.
>> So you still have to compromise. You
have to work.
>> But you do I would say on the flip side
you do have to make sure you're finding
that way that you recharge or you're you
know one of the things as a working mom
you know people somebody gave me really
great advice and said sometimes the most
urgent or often the most urgent is not
the most important.
>> That's 100% true of the time. Right. And
so you have to, you know, step back and
say, "Am I constantly letting what
appears to be the most urgent take me
away that I'm never doing what's the
most important?" Um because I know you
have two young little girls. Is it Lily
and Emily?
>> Oh, wow. Yes.
>> Yes. And um Precious is they're they're
little, right?
>> Yeah. We just got a puppy for them. So
>> Oh my gosh. What kind of puppy did you
get?
>> A toy poodle.
>> Oh my gosh. We have a dog, Hunter, and
he's um he's I think such an important
part of the family as well. But I mean,
I think your your children grow up
quickly and uh you don't get a doover.
So, I also as a as a working mom as um
you know, there's times in my career
where I did what some people would say
were crazy things to make sure I was at
that soccer game or at that hockey game
and then was still able to get my work
done. So, um I look back and uh I'm glad
I made those investments and trade-offs.
>> That's great. And what what about your
relationship with your husband? 40
years. That's a lot. and I need tips
especially when you know you have this
job and you're traveling all the time.
What's what's the best tip that you can
give for women who are trying to build
their career but also be a good wife?
>> Well, you know, I'm I'm really fortunate
that my husband and I we kind of build
our careers together and he's a he's an
engineer with an MBA and uh worked in
consulting much much of his career and
so he understands the business really
well and uh you know he can be a great
sounding board. Um he's also a great
supporter. So I'm very fortunate to have
a husband who um you know I I feel like
it's a partnership and I'm really proud
of everything he's accomplished. He's
proud of me and um but we also he we can
give each other good good quality
feedback and sometimes we need it.
>> Support system. That's awesome.
>> Yes.
>> I know it's hard to choose your
favorites but what's your favorite GM
car?
>> Yeah, that is really hard for me because
I uh I had the opportunity to run global
product development. And so I felt like
every vehicle in the portfolio played
such a special role. Uh I would say
though uh you right now I love driving a
Hummer EV.
>> Oh my god, that car.
>> I love driving that. Well, it's got
four-wheel steer so it's so maneuverable
and I feel like when I'm driving a
Hummer EV, I get some respect. You know,
people are like
>> I definitely saw those looks when you
gave me the car for like a week to drive
around. People still compel
>> a girl or Yeah.
>> Yeah. [laughter]
definitely got those looks. That's
awesome.
>> But I'm also a big uh fan of Corvettes.
Uh so, you know, I love the styling, the
speed, and the heritage. And one of the
things that makes Corvette so special is
it, you know, the it's true American.
It's affordable. It's a Chevrolet. But,
you know, people come to me now and
they'll say like, "Oh my gosh, Mary,
this vehicle is as good as a vehicle
that is three times as expensive." Like,
you know, really General Motors has
cracked the code on this type of
performance. So, um, that's that's
always rewarding.
>> Yeah. And I have a weird question, but
you're the person to ask it.
>> Okay.
>> Flying cars.
>> Um, you know, there's some physics
involved in that. Um, you know, from
like, you know, there's companies
working on vertical takeoff, uh, type of
vehicles. Um, you know, I would never
say never because I think we're
innovating and and new technologies are
coming every day. But, uh, I think right
now I'm going to stay on the road.
>> Yeah.
just is it because the of the technology
or just what I'm thinking like do I want
to drive and then have a couple more
layers of cars above me that from the
safety standpoint that's weird if
somebody crashes then it's
>> right well I think about that today with
all that's happening with drones uh and
so you know and how they're how you know
the the government you know FAA is
managing airspace and about what levels
so like I said I don't I I never say
never because I think we'll continue to
advance I grew up watching the Jetsons
So, um, who knows what we'll see in the
future, but I think there are there's
there's challenges like you're talking
from, you know, how do who gets what
space and I think there's some
technology challenges, but I think in
the future probably um, you know, people
will solve those challenges.
>> Thank you so much, Mary. It was such a
great conversation.
>> Thank you. And thanks u for the time
you've invested in spending in our
vehicles. I'm glad that you love your
Escalade.
>> The best time. I love my Escalade. I
enjoyed the Vistic, the Hummer, uh, and
Buick cuz
>> Yes,
>> the Super Cruise. I'm like, the Buick
can now go by itself. I didn't expect
that.
>> Yes, I, you know, Buick has been growing
from a share perspective. And, uh, I'm
really proud of because it really stands
for premium luxury for someone who maybe
doesn't want what Cadillac stands for of
true luxury. And I'm so proud of that.
I'm proud of that brand and how the port
product portfolio is really continuing
to gain share uh and and conquest
customers for us which is which is
wonderful.
>> When when we got the Buick, my daughter
entered it and she was like, "Is that a
Maybach?"
>> Oh my god. I I like her.
>> Yeah. And I saw her review of the
Vistic. It was precious. Thank
[laughter] you so much.
>> She loves it. Thanks so much.
>> Good. Well, thanks so much. Thank you.